Improve Sphinx doc 160 (#195)
peopledoc/procrastinate: CONTRIBUTING.rst

If you need to add words to the spell checking dictionary, it's in
``docs/spelling_wordlist.txt``. Make sure the file is alphabetically sorted!

> If Sphinx's console output is translated and you would rather have in English,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Sphinx's console output is localized and you would rather have it in English,
```
